README.md, before:

Iced Mocha Theme
==========

The Iced Mocha Theme by Event Espresso is packed full of features and is fully integrated with Event Espresso 4. This started as a theme for our Event Espresso plugin test drive. We thought others may find it useful, so we have released it on Github in hopes our customers and developers will find it useful and can use it as a starting point for their event registration needs.

Support and Customizations
==========

This is a free theme and is not currently supported for free. You are welcome to <a href="https://github.com/eventespresso/iced-mocha/issues/new">create</a> <a href="https://github.com/eventespresso/iced-mocha/issues?state=open">issue tickets</a> within Github or ask questions in our <a href="http://eventespresso.com/forum/event-espresso-public/">community support forums</a>, but you are not gauranteed to get an answer without paying for support.

**Paying for Support**

If you would like to pay for support, we request that you please purchase an Event Espresso <a href="http://eventespresso.com/pricing/?ee_ver=ee4">plugin support license</a> and a <a href="http://eventespresso.com/product/premium-support-token/">support token</a>.

**Customizations**

For those of you wishing to achieve more theme customization than what is allowed by the integrated control options, we recommend using <a href="http://codex.wordpress.org/Child_Themes" target="_blank">child themes</a> instead of manually editing theme files. This feature is pretty well documented by WordPress and has the main advantage of keeping the theme update-able. While any changes done to Iced Mocha's files are lost on each theme update, a child theme is a separate (partial) theme aside Iced Mocha and is not overwritten in an way.

Commit message:

Updated read me and removed old files

README.md, after:

Iced Mocha Theme
==========

The Iced Mocha Theme by Event Espresso is responsive, packed with features, and fully integrated with Event Espresso 4. This started as a theme for our Event Espresso plugin test drive. We thought others may find it useful, so we have released it on Github in hopes our customers and developers will find it useful and can use it as a starting point for their event registration needs.

Support and Customizations
==========

This is a free theme and is not currently supported for free. You are welcome to <a href="https://github.com/eventespresso/iced-mocha/issues/new">create</a> <a href="https://github.com/eventespresso/iced-mocha/issues?state=open">issue tickets</a> within Github or ask questions in our <a href="http://eventespresso.com/forum/event-espresso-public/">community support forums</a>, but you are not gauranteed to get an answer without paying for support.

**Paying for Support**

If you would like to pay for support, we request that you please purchase an Event Espresso <a href="http://eventespresso.com/pricing/?ee_ver=ee4">plugin support license</a> and a <a href="http://eventespresso.com/product/premium-support-token/">support token</a>.

**Customizations**

For those of you wishing to achieve more theme customization than what is allowed by the integrated control options, we recommend using <a href="http://codex.wordpress.org/Child_Themes" target="_blank">child themes</a> instead of manually editing theme files. This feature is pretty well documented by WordPress and has the main advantage of keeping the theme update-able. While any changes done to Iced Mocha's files are lost on each theme update, a child theme is a separate (partial) theme aside Iced Mocha and is not overwritten in an way.

Included Libraries
==========

The Iced Mocha theme uses:
- Nivo Slider by Gilbert Pellegrom / under the MIT license / http://nivo.dev7studios.com/
- tinyNav by @viljamis / under the MIT license / http://tinynav.viljamis.com/
- FitVids by Chris Coyier - http://css-tricks.com + Dave Rupert - http://daverupert.com

The extra fonts incuded with the theme are also under GPLv3 compatible licences as follows:
- Ubuntu - SIL Open Font License v1.1
- Sans Droid - Apache License v2.00
- Oswald -  SIL Open Font License 1.1
- Open Sans - Apache License v2.0
- Bebas Neue -  SIL Open Font License 1.1
- Yanone Kaffeesatz - SIL Open Font License 1.1
- Elusive icon font - SIL Open Font License 1.1
- Fontawesome icon font - SIL Open Font License 1.1


License
==========

The Iced Mocha and ALL included binaries (all images and patterns) are released under the GPLv3 licence. Please read the included LICENSE for the full licence.
